📌 theHarvester Reconnaissance Report

Target Domain: cepialabs.com
Tool Used: theHarvester
Operating System: Kali Linux 2025
Purpose: Passive reconnaissance to identify subdomains, hosts, and emails associated with the target domain.

1️⃣ Objective

To perform reconnaissance using theHarvester on a test domain and document:

Discovered subdomains

Emails (if any)

Observations

2️⃣ Command Used
theHarvester -d cepialabs.com -b all


Explanation:

-d → Target domain

-b all → Use all available data sources

3️⃣ Results Summary
🔹 Emails Found
No emails found.

🔹 People Found
No people found.

🔹 Hosts / Subdomains Found (29)
academy.cepialabs.com
api-travio-dev.cepialabs.com
api.business.travio.cepialabs.com
api.ignite.cepialabs.com
api.sendora.cepialabs.com
biztravio.cepialabs.com
business.travio.cepialabs.com
dev.cepialabs.com
ignite.cepialabs.com
interns.cepialabs.com
livekit.cepialabs.com
sendora.cepialabs.com
telehealth-ai.cepialabs.com
telehealth-poc.cepialabs.com
travio-dev.cepialabs.com
travio.cepialabs.com


Resolved IP addresses:

195.35.44.226
89.116.122.105

4️⃣ Observations

A total of 29 hosts/subdomains were discovered.

No email addresses or employee names were found during passive reconnaissance.

Multiple development and testing environments were identified such as:

dev.cepialabs.com

api-travio-dev.cepialabs.com

travio-dev.cepialabs.com

Presence of API subdomains indicates backend services that could be targeted for:

API testing

Authentication testing

Authorization flaws

Subdomains such as:

telehealth-ai.cepialabs.com

business.travio.cepialabs.com
indicate multiple application environments.

5️⃣ Tool Errors & Notes
Missing API key for SecurityScorecard.
BuildWith scan JSON decode error.


Reason:

These errors occurred due to missing API keys in:

/etc/theHarvester/api-keys.yaml


Impact:

Some advanced data sources could not be queried.

Basic reconnaissance results were still successfully obtained.

6️⃣ Conclusion

The reconnaissance phase successfully identified 29 active subdomains related to cepialabs.com.
Although no emails were discovered, the scan revealed multiple development, business, and API services, which significantly increases the attack surface.

This data can be further used for:

Subdomain takeover testing

Vulnerability scanning

API security testing

Web application penetration testing
