What cybersecurity professionals actually do (red team, blue team, purple team)

Ans. Cybersecurity experts are in charge of defending networks, systems, and data against online attacks. Red Team, Blue Team, and Purple Team roles are frequently used to categorize their work.

Red Team: - This team more focus on offensive side so basically this team
Perform penetration testing, perform vulnerability assessment into networks, applications and system. Also reporting Security gaps and recommend improvements.

Blue Team: - This team more focus on defensive side so this team basically work on incident response, Threat detection, Analysing logs and security alerts. Their goal is implementing security control and policies.

Purple Team: - It established collaboration between red and blue team members during and after the simulation, sharing their knowledge and resources to mitigate system vulnerabilities and strength their organizations security posture.

Ethical hacking vs illegal hacking 

Ans. Ethical hacking its is basically you perform hacking into a system or network or you access the vulnerability by authorized permission or conducted under rules of engagement.

Illegal Hacking :- Its clear by its name you can perform hacking for your own benefits and it involves unauthorizes access to system with malicious intent.

Responsible disclosure 

It involves reporting security flaws in a way that prioritizing fixing them before they are exploited. During penetration testing follow responsible disclosure rule to surely report vulnerabilities to organizations. Early disclosure of a vulnerability help attacker to exploit the weakness before they are patched.

It helps the organization to verify issue, develop patches and reduce the risk of cyber attack.

Why isolated labs are mandatory

Isolated labs are important for controlled environments, used for learning, testing and also used for try different tools to perform activity in a safe labs.
The main purpose of using these kinds of labs is to prevent our main machine to any accidental damage. We can safely test malware and exploit violations. 

Virtualization basics (host OS vs guest OS) 

It refers to creating virtual instances of operating system that run concurrently on the same physical address. These instances are isolated from each other and managed by a virtualization layer such as hypervisor
Eg. Virtual box, Vm Ware.

Host OS - 
The Primary operating system that run the hypervisor. Example - Windows, Linux, Mac Os.
Guest Os –
The OS running inside the Virtual machine. Example - Kali linux, Ubuntu, Windows server.

Overview of Kali Linux ecosystem 

Kali linux is a Debian based operating system and there are many pre-installed tools which help in perform penetration testing. Some tools like 
Nmap (Port scanning), The Harvester(Information gathering), Nikto (vulnerability analysis), Hydra (Password attack),Forensic tool also.

Kali Linux is widely used by ethical hackers, penetration testers, and cybersecurity professionals for learning and professional assessments.











